hello people how are I, I'm fine
but I come with an existential drama
we speak badly the Chileans I said that
we do not have a terrible language right
but it turns out that one of these days I
I started talking with a Mexican woman who had
passed by chile told me what happens is
that you speak super bad you have to
recognize that he spoke super nice
number one factor
we Chileans speak very fast
we talk fast it also sounds to me that
ok the number two calm we have the
habit of adding all shades
with so here 8 Andrew goes before a
chest
number 3 we aspire all the letters
no no no no no no no no no i mean that
number 4 we eat the eses
I do not mean that when it happens
next my brother if you are more videos
comes out with what he wanted or not man's man's
man's should be if you're more alive salts
with what you want, number 5
we have a special interest for
animals in our language now
bulgaria with style teams dog with thirst
bitch gloating past but let's make a
cow brother better is not for the house
because I threw good mare is
terrible chicken for another we do it for
foxes today a prosecutor marcelo another day
yesterday wanna go 'whole wet blood has
lived the skunk can not boot
of the smoke at least you were all the
good they ran are more whales
number 6 we have different accents of
our country for example a body speaks
as with a robe in the mouth if we continue
with an equation the concessionaires or
the jewelry can make the fierce
cotillion and good we can spend
cavas we can invite to which hopefully
Sofia
could come they manage to deliver
we painted our pinchitos Queen
now if it 's someone we catalog
as flypy I could say it this way
and has sought to pass the coins and put together
the nice guy we invite easy crazy people
I bring some beautiful removes that also see
groom buyers without hype and
finished with ups network is now if we
let's go to the south end da thing changes
because we do not do a chivito state
in the night that come carmelo with his
woman danger of bringing the guitar no
we dance the hollows we can also
to dance an account of the village I bring
a girl to warm up the body but
have 20 management because winnow and the
we Chileans have a language
particular but the most beautiful thing is that even
so we understand if you liked the video
do not forget to like and subscribe
chau be happy